[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today,
on Cosmic Disclosure,
we are joined by Victoria
Whitney, a Doctor of Science
and a retired member
of the Department
of Defense, United States Navy.
Today, we are discussing
the Orion Empire.
Victoria, welcome to the show.
>>VICTORIA WHITNEY: Well,
it's nice to be here, Emery.
>>EMERY: Give us a brief
history of the Orion Empire.
>>WHITNEY: Sure.
They believe that they've been
around longer than anybody else.
There's nothing to say
whether that's true or not.
Because if you talk
to each one of them,
they say the same thing.
But they did start
off as an empire.
They believed that
whatever transpired early
in their history
meant that they needed
to be a more solid unity
that could move forward,
take over places.
And when they say
take over, I don't
know if that means colonize or
whether they were just taking
planets from other species.
I'm not sure what that-- they
came from a violent past,
so that could very
much be part of that.
>>EMERY: What type of time frame
are we looking at, Victoria?
>>WHITNEY: Well, so we're
in the millions of years.
There again, 22
million to 40 million.
They have a long period of that.
They were a product
of many wars.
They are a product of
very mixed lineages.
So there again, just
like Pleiadians,
they understand that it's going
to happen, Melchizedek, Lyran,
all those different lineages.
The difference is that
they also have lineages
mixed with other inhabitants
that they've met along the way.
So they'll talk about the fact
that there are some reptilian
species amongst them.
There are some other species
that they'll go into,
Taygetans, some
animalian species.
So they weren't opposed
to mixing lineages.
But that's what helped
them to grow their empire.
And they believe that this
empire has existed for so long
that that is the
recognized entity.
But then we also have
other empires out there.
So we all know what happens
when each one thinks
that that's the one that
should be in control of things.
So they have a lot
of different ways
in which they really
talk about their empire.
Their main city is Asrylias.
And that's their capital city.
And that's where the
basis of their monarchy,
for lack of a better
word, is the empire.
>>EMERY: And let's also
touch base for the viewers
the amount of species that
this empire is made up of.
>>WHITNEY: Well, you
have to understand,
too, they're a trade center,
an international trade center.
So they're getting species
from all over the cosmos coming
in there.
And they've worked
out deals with them,
and they've worked out
relationships with them.
And so they are very
much a mixed lineage.
And I've seen
pictures, and it's very
clear there are subtle
differences amongst them.
And so they'll say,
if it's a true Orion,
they're going to
have the longer face,
and they're going to have
the more receded eye socket.
They have a very
specific colored skin.
And then there's the
variations after that.
>>EMERY: What about
the Lyran Wars?
How did that shape the
history of the Orion Empire?
>>WHITNEY: Well,
it displaced them.
And they said they were already
space explorers at that place.
So that did not stop them.
But what happened
was it displaced them
from their planets, and
a lot of their planets
were totally obliterated.
It forced them to go out
into other constellations.
They said they got there.
A lot of them had other
species living on them.
That was the same.
The Pleiadians had the same.
But what happened
was is, basically,
because they were
an empire, they
had to have ownership of it.
And so they talk about
not necessarily displacing
the species that were there,
but incorporating them
into their empire.
And so this began
to grow rapidly,
and then they spread
out to other planets.
And the same thing occurred
over and over again.
So they felt like that was
their ownership then of very
large sectors of the cosmos.
And to this day, they still
call themselves an empire.
And they still
talk about the fact
that they own so
much of the cosmos.
>>EMERY: You mentioned
earlier, Asrylias.
Can you elaborate
on that for us?
>>WHITNEY: Sure.
So this is like our capitals.
We have capital cities.
This is their capital city.
This is really the
foundation for their empire.
It's very large.
It's very progressive.
It's inhabited by many, many
different species, not just
Orions, but they have a large
reptoid population there.
Just about anybody, I
guess, comes through there.
And that's because they have
this international trade center
that's located in Asrylias.
The city, they say,
is very progressive.
There again, it's a
regenerative type city,
just like it was
in the Pleiadians.
It's run by the AI.
It's autonomous.
And the fact that it came--
>>EMERY: So they trust the AI.
>>WHITNEY: They trust
the AI, and it can
make decisions for the city.
And my question was is well,
what kind of decisions, right?
Because--
>>EMERY: Well, there's
no crime, right?
>>WHITNEY: Right.
>>EMERY: There's no--
>>WHITNEY: Well,
they have more crime
there because it's an
international trade.
And they say that they don't
question the trades that
come through there.
So we've talked about the fact
that there's human trafficking
and there's the selling
of human DNA and all
these different things.
So I'm sure based on
that, that there's
pockets within there where that
is very much a large business
that's occurring.
But for all intents and
purposes, like I say,
this trade center is the
dominant feature in Asrylias.
And so they talk about how
they went out of their way
to make it very appealing.
So they made
basically a waterway
that travels through the
different sectors in there.
And you can travel
on these boats.
And the water is meant to
keep the energies effervescing
through the trade center
to keep people calm
and balanced, not
getting into areas where
they don't want those tensions.
It's very much these huge spires
and a layered type look as well.
>>EMERY: Is there war
going on in between this?
>>WHITNEY: Well, they talk
about trade wars happening.
So I would imagine that that's
the basis for what that is.
Here, it is an empire that wants
to be in charge of everything.
And then you have other
entities coming in that
likewise have the same mindset.
So I think they see
more of it there
than the Pleiadeans would see.
What I noticed was
in talking about it,
while we say they
try to stay balanced,
they do have an attitude
about some things.
And the attitude
is that, how dare
these interlopers come
in and try to take over
what they've set up.
But there again, a lot
of it is nanotechnology.
So anything that any
other species has created
goes through this trade center.
>>EMERY: How important
is that trade center?
>>WHITNEY: It's very important.
They have four of them
throughout the cosmos.
So it's very important to them.
And they say that
there's one in Centauri
and then two others
and then this one.
And this one's very large.
>>EMERY: Can you talk about
how they travel between?
>>WHITNEY: They
use the-- what they
call jumpgates or wormholes.
And it's nothing to get
from one place to another.
>>EMERY: Can you explain
how the craft makes the--
>>WHITNEY: My
understanding-- so this
goes back to what we were
talking about the bioship before
with the Andromedans.
So as it opens up--
so there's an address
that they put in there.
As it opens up this
gateway, the ship
forms sort of this
spiral energy field.
And so as they're moving
forward, the spiral is keeping--
and what it's doing is it's
keeping everything spaced away
from the ship itself,
which makes it--
ability to do FTL
through the jumpgate.
And so they can
go from one point
to another in a matter
of very short time.
We're talking minutes
rather than years.
>>EMERY: For the
viewers, FTL means--
>>WHITNEY: Faster Than Light.
Right.
And actually, it goes faster
than that because one of the--
I asked them to give us a way
in which we could view it.
And so he says, well, think
of something that can do 1,020
miles per second.
That would be hard
for us to imagine.
>>EMERY: Yeah, that's
the interesting part
of the science behind
this information,
because a lot of
that is not-- we
don't even have a
way to describe it
>>WHITNEY: Right.
Exactly.
>>EMERY: Yeah.
>>WHITNEY: Right.
I was just trying to get them
to give me some idea of what
that looked like.
And my brain is going,
yeah, I can't get there.
[LAUGHS] But it's fascinating
because really, we make it hard.
>>EMERY: Yes.
>>WHITNEY: Remember,
everything is energy.
That's one of their
core premises.
And so they're
going, I don't know
why you can't understand
that you can displace energy.
>>EMERY: Instantly.
>>WHITNEY: Instantly.
Right.
That it doesn't know time.
And so if you go
with that thought,
then you can understand how
they can get from point A
to point B in such a
short period of time.
So they'll talk about sometimes
with the trade center,
they need a specific product
because a large buyer is coming
in or something like that,
especially when they're
talking about having to
get parts for other ships
or something like that.
Then they'll say, we'll
just FTL over to this one
and pick up the parts
and bring them back.
But this trade center has
anything you can think of.
And I asked them.
I said, OK, so do you use
the same food synthesizer?
And so the Orions eat a
lot of the same foods,
just like Pleiadians.
So it's a gel, right?
But they say they have a lot of
species that come through there
that have to have solid foods.
And so they have a variety
of different things
like that that are
available for them.
So imagine going to
a huge marketplace.
I mean, we have
marketplaces here
that are different
across regions.
So our marketplace
here in the US
would not be the
same as over in China
or someplace like--
so you go there,
and you see these different
things that you're not
used to seeing.
So it would be very
much the same thing
there that we would see other
types of animals or fruits
and vegetables, things like that
that we're not familiar with.
And so they say, this
is a large opportunity
for a lot of different
people to come in.
And--
>>EMERY: There's five
of these districts?
>>WHITNEY: There's
actually four total trade
centers that this corporation
has built, which is interesting.
>>EMERY: But they're all
different, like you said.
>>WHITNEY: They're
all different.
It's just owned by
the same entities.
And they run these
across the cosmos.
And this is what supports
the empire, so to speak.
And so it's huge.
I would love to go there,
but I couldn't even
imagine what it
takes for something
like that to continue
to operate at the volume
that it has to operate at
and the number of people
that would go through there.
They're seeing millions
of people through there.
>>EMERY: Well, we're talking
about all these trade
centers and all this going back
and forth, different species.
What is the monetary
system like with that?
>>WHITNEY: Well, they have
a credit system, which means
that there's no commodity.
So here, we have a commodity.
We have gold or silver
that's supposed to support
our dollar or our currency.
They don't have that.
It's on a credit system.
And I don't know what the value
of that credit system would be.
But it's universal
across the cosmos.
And a lot of them have
either this little disk
that they use to
transfer credits.
Some of them have a--
it looks like a
tattoo on the back
of their hand, various
reasons that they
would have some way to--
>>EMERY: Interesting.
Measurement, right?
>>WHITNEY: Right.
>>EMERY: Some
measurement system.
>>WHITNEY: Exactly.
Yeah, and it seems
to be universal,
and it seems to be
very workable for them
because they don't have to
go do some sort of exchange
like we do here.
You would have to exchange your
currency for wherever you're at.
They don't have to
go through that.
Weapons go through there.
Drugs go through there.
The exchange of DNAs
go through there.
It's just like this
huge marketing system.
We can't do that.
If you needed a
specific type of drug,
you got to have a
prescription for it here.
They don't have that there.
So looking at this,
you have to realize
the enormity of what's happening
in one of these trade centers
and what that does for a city.
So here, like I say, they
have an AI that's autonomous,
that makes decisions for itself.
Talk about trusting.
>>EMERY: Why are we not
included with all that here?
>>WHITNEY: Well, I think
that they believe--
and we've had
conversations about this--
that we haven't learned to
be responsible with things.
We still act like children.
And as intelligent as we
want to believe we are,
we cannot match what they know.
And I think that that
really comes down
to it is, would we be
responsible for things?
Why do we think of making
a weapon out of everything
that we come across?
That's not a normal
course of thought.
So I think what they look at
is that we're not quite ready.
And I'm not so sure
they were ready for it
when they started getting
other species in because
what are they
bringing to the table?
We don't know that.
And I don't think
they knew that.
I think what they did was
they went into it and said,
we're an extremely
intelligent empire.
We have been around
for millions of years.
We've probably seen it all.
I don't know what
everything they thought.
But I think what
happened was is they
said we can deal with
anything that comes along.
We wouldn't be
able to because we
don't have enough technology
nor enough understanding of how
things really work.
When we get to the point where
we start understanding really
that energy is in
charge, not us, then I
think that will change
the way in which we think.
>>EMERY: And how
does the Orion Empire
deal with diplomacy
and the trade markets?
>>WHITNEY: Well, what are
they going to get out of it?
That's always the bottom line.
What are they going
to get out of it?
>>EMERY: Those Orions--
>>WHITNEY: Indeed.
And honestly, would we not
all do the same thing, right?
We don't do something going into
it while we're doing this just
for the benefit of everybody.
Right.
We want to know what we're
going to get out of it.
And they likewise
want to know what
they're going to get out of it.
Otherwise, they
wouldn't have gone
to the means of
bringing something up
like that, where they knew they
were going to have exposure
to other species, where
they knew that there's
that potential for a war to
break out because you're having
species come from other places.
>>EMERY: Right.
All the time, yeah.
>>WHITNEY: Right.
And how do they know it wasn't
going to affect their empire?
They talk about empires
that wound up getting
enslaved by other empires.
How do they know that that
wasn't going to happen to them?
But they're confident
enough to believe
that they have evolved
far enough that they
can deal with those instances.
>>EMERY: So how do they resolve
conflicts in the Orion Empire
with all these species
coming in and out?
>>WHITNEY: Yeah,
well, we go back
to their five core premises.
They tell the story about the
Merlinians having to come and--
way back in their history
and teach them a better way.
So--
>>EMERY: Time travelers?
>>WHITNEY: Well, they
believe interdimensional.
>>EMERY: OK.
>>WHITNEY: OK.
And what they believe is
that the universal source--
because they all believe
in the universal source,
intelligent energy.
They believe that the universal
source created the Merlinians
to go forward and
continue to teach
that it is about the energy.
And so they have
stories where they
talk about a particular
Merlinian coming and teaching
spirituality to them and showing
them that there was a better
way, and that they
should all convert
to higher energies
and everything
that we're talking about
these days, about waking up
and higher frequencies.
But this Merlinian
in particular was
very successful
during that period
of conveying how
important that was
across all of the
species that were
living in the third dimension.
And so they begin
to unite together.
And that's really what created
their core premises for them.
And so they go back to that.
OK, this is another species.
I have to remember
that it has value.
It's contributing to the energy.
And so they begin
to develop a system
in place using the same
principles of the Merlinian
to be able to tell
people that let's
talk about it from a
frequency point of view.
Let's talk about how we
can align with one another.
And that's really
important to them
is being able to align
with these other species
and include them in
the connective thought
process of what's occurring
in the cosmos itself.
And looking at it that
way, it expands your mind
to say that whatever petty
little thing we were talking
about down here really
has, in the bigger
scheme of things, no place.
And so that's really
how they begin
to deal with things is by going
back to their teachings of what
the Merlinian had brought
to them in the beginning.
>>EMERY: Are the Merlinians--
you said they're
interdimensional.
>>WHITNEY: Yes.
>>EMERY: Are they still
part of the Orion Empire?
>>WHITNEY: Well, so
this is interesting.
I was [INAUDIBLE],
which is part of that--
Merlinians came and grouped
together [INAUDIBLE].
So in our belief system, we
understood the same thing,
that they were sent
forward to tell basically
the reminder about
the universal source.
So I grew up with that.
And the belief has always
been that they're still here.
Well, of course, they are.
If I'm teaching today,
that's part of my heritage
is to be part of that Merlinian.
And I find that most people,
when they seek us out, I
don't go out and
advertise and say, hey,
have I got something for you.
They come to us.
And usually, we find out that
they have that core principle
within them as well.
So does that make
them Merlinian?
Of course it does, because it's
just like any other lineage.
It gets passed down.
So they're still here.
It's just that sometimes we
forget what our purpose is.
And so this has to
remind us that we're here
to remember to say that
everything's about energy.
It's about our lineage.
It's about the law of one.
Those are all the important
principles and everything.
So that's why I try to
add them into everything
is to make everybody understand
that none of that has changed.
It's been here as long
as anybody can remember.
And later, we'll
talk about Starseeds.
That's all part of that process.
But the Merlinians
were sent for-- they
were created specifically
to go out and keep
that information
alive and to make sure
that every being that
they came in contact with
understood how important
that was to their system.
And it isn't just a belief.
If we're an energy, then
it's part of that energy.
And so that was
their whole purpose
was to be able to
convey those things.
And so knowing that--
here's the Orions.
They still use
those core premises
to solve their problems,
to understand that, yes, it
is an energy, and that we're all
connected to the same energy.
So we have to get away from
that damaging one over another
when we're all the same thing.
And that was really the
teaching of the Merlinian
was that we're all made
from these energies,
and that those energies
are all interconnected.
So why would we take
some petty moment
to try to cause damage
across an energy?
It makes no sense to them.
>>EMERY: Is that how the Orion
empire was basically built?
>>WHITNEY: Yes.
Right.
They were able to come
together on those core premises
and understand that they were
collectively something bigger.
And like I say, that went
on for quite a while.
But then once the
war started and they
began to see other things,
some of them got fragmented.
We have that happen here.
Look how many religions
we have on this planet.
That's because of fragmentation.
And so they had
somewhat the same thing.
But now they've come back.
They've said, our true
course was meant to be this.
We were better as the collective
than when we were fragmented.
And so they, over the
course of millions of years,
have come back
around to understand.
>>EMERY: So how do they balance
their spiritual and political
roles?
>>WHITNEY: They're spread
throughout the cosmos.
>>EMERY: Right.
You mean--
>>WHITNEY: Right.
They're influenced by many
different other species.
And so it's just like here.
When you're in those
moments of spirituality,
that's what you're practicing.
When you're outside those
moments of spirituality,
other things influence,
and you begin
to sort of do your own thing.
And that's very much
what happened to them was
that they were very spiritual.
That just comes with
evolution, higher frequencies.
You look at things differently.
But then as the
influences begin to occur,
then they sort of walked
away from some of that.
And at one point,
they had to have
a reawakening of what that was.
And that really brought
them much stronger
together because they went
back to that principle.
>>EMERY: Well, what was that?
>>WHITNEY: Well,
it happened to be
that they had a war in which
they were opposed by Draconians.
And some of them went
that direction, which
then began to split the empire.
And they realized that
the strength of who we are
is being diluted.
And so they decided to
have this reawakening.
And that went across
all of the federation
that no, we're
stronger by realizing
that we're part of the universe,
not separate from the universe.
And so they went
through that reawakening
to discover just what
a large part they play
in the universe, a ceremony--
>>EMERY: What about
humans here on Earth?
Are we all from this lineage?
>>WHITNEY: So we all have some
type of Starseed lineage in us.
They're very aware of that.
And that's why we talk
about the cosmic identity.
That's the origination energy.
And so you need to
know who you are.
And we just-- cosmic
identity for everybody
we come in contact with.
And people will go, oh my gosh,
that says exactly who I am.
That's because
you're that energy.
You can't change who you are.
You can change personalities.
You can change this vessel.
But you cannot change that
energy for who it really is.
And it has both sides.
Whether you want to call
it good, bad, dark light,
however you want to turn that,
positive or negative, whatever,
there's a balance that has
to occur in that energy.
And so you have
both sides, and one
will be more
accentuated over another
based on your experiences.
But the fact of the
matter is that they so
believe this, that
this is who they are.
They say that they are
a spectrum of energies,
and that the
spectrum of energies
makes them who they
are, and that when
they come in contact
with somebody else,
those spectrums line
up in specific ways.
And that makes them
be able to communicate
on a very different
level than just
this vessel-to-vessel level.
And of course, they're
telepathic as well.
So lying is unheard of, which I
found interesting because people
are human trafficking, right?
Right.
You can't lie about it.
So how are you
interacting with that?
And so I've asked her before.
I said, doesn't that appall you?
And they said, well, of
course, it appalls us.
But that's their experience.
We're very clear.
This is bad.
This is good.
And they don't view
things that way.
So that core premise
is very much there
that we have to
understand how it works.
And that's how they're
going to deal with things.
They're going to look at
it and say, to what degree
should we be concerned
about what it is?
And I don't even
know how that gets
figured in the scheme of
things, because we're emotional.
They are not.
Our emotions drive us.
They go more on what
they call biocognitive.
And what that means is that
there is a knowledge that
is ingrained within them.
And that is what's
interacting with everything
that they come in contact with.
And they're very concerned
about that aspect.
And we should be concerned too.
We talk about Alzheimer's and
dementia and different things
like that.
That's unheard of for them.
They don't have those
types of diseases.
And so when they're looking at
that biocognitive aspect of it,
they're looking at, where does
the truth lie and the belief
that you have created?
Yeah.
And so when you
start looking at it--
>>EMERY: You're talking
about judgment now.
>>WHITNEY: Indeed, indeed.
Right.
And so they would be
appalled if we said,
you're a very judgy
species, right?
They think we are.
>>EMERY: Yeah, right.
>>WHITNEY: Right.
Right.
And so when we start looking
at things from that light,
then we start realizing that
it would be very hard for them
to understand how we could
think the way we think,
given the way that their
spirituality allows them to be.
So what I'd say is I'm
all for spirituality.
I believe that every person was
put on this planet for a reason.
There's a purpose
for each of us.
And who decides whose
purpose is better?
And so I look at
this and say, I think
they've won that part over,
that they understand that,
that we're all here for
some type of contribution
to the bigger scheme of things.
And that's really
where they're at.
And so whether they call it
the empire or whether they
call it universal source,
whatever the case may be,
that's really where
they're coming from
is that that's what
they're contributing
to is that creative
process that allows
it to continue to be creative.
I think that they learn
that at such an early age.
Millions of years,
what's an early age?
But they learn that
at such an early age,
and we're still trying
to learn that right now.
And I think we're
making great progress.
0.02% of the planet
has woken up.
You got, what, 9.2 billion
people on the planet right now?
That's a very small amount.
But the thing is, is that
it has to start somewhere.
>>EMERY: Well, it's a
great trajectory for us
to hope and think about.
And that's where we are going.
>>WHITNEY: Right.
Yeah, yeah.
>>EMERY: Thank you for sharing.
I really appreciate it.
>>WHITNEY: I enjoyed
the conversations
that I had with them.
I thought they were
very enlightening.
And I believe that that
was their contribution
to our disclosure was the fact
that we need to be looking
at things differently.
>>EMERY: Definitely.
>>WHITNEY: Yeah.
>>EMERY: Well, Victoria, thank
you for being on the show.
>>WHITNEY: I
appreciated being here.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery smith, and
this is Cosmic Disclosure.
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]